TBS OKTA-462790 Update custom email guide to include VTL (#3044)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-themes/index.md

* Favicon
* Background image

## Important: Overriding themes in the code template editors

You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Okta Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). Note that when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to the places where you've customized the theme settings.

> So for example, if you make changes to the sign-in page code using the editor and change the background image or logo setting, your customizations override the Brands API settings. To get your Brands API settings back, reset the code editors to the default code again.

Reviewer: your customizations *may* override

* Favicon
* Background image

## Important: Overriding themes in the code template editors

> You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). However, when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to theme settings that you customized.

Reviewer: **Customizations** > **Sign-in page code editor**

"When you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings may be overwritten if your custom code deletes the classes and variables used by the Branding theme objects."

Reviewer: product docs actually lists all the variables https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Settings/branding-variables.htm so if we want to be super clear its "if you delete or augment how these variables are used in your custom code, then the Branding features will be overwritten by your custom code."

> You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Okta Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). However, when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to theme settings you've customized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Okta Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). However, when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to theme settings that you customized.
```

> You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Okta Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). However, when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to theme settings that you customized.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can customize individual parts of your Okta org experience using the various code editors available in the Admin Console (for example, **Settings** > **Customizations** > **Custom Sign-in** to customize the Okta-hosted sign-in page). However, when you use the Brands API, your custom brand settings won't apply to theme settings that you customized.
```

This returns a [theme response object](/docs/reference/api/brands/#theme-response-object) that contains all the details of your theme, including logo, favicon, colors, and background image.

## Update your brand

You can also update brand information with the following request (**Update brand** in Postman):

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}" />

> This request needs to contain a [brand object](/docs/reference/api/brands/#brand-object) in the body that contains updates to privacy policy information:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This request needs to contain a [Brand object](/docs/reference/api/brands/#brand-object) in the body that contains updates to privacy policy information:
```

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/themes/${themeId}/favicon" />
<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/themes/${themeId}/background-image" />

## Customize email notifications

Okta provides many customizable **email templates**. For example, the `welcome` email template allows users to activate their account. Each template has **default content** that is translated into any one of the [supported languages](#supported-languages).

The following constraints apply to email customizations:

- If an email template has any customizations, one of them must be the default (where `isDefault` is `true`). The default customization is used when no other customization applies to the user's language settings.
- Each email template can have only one customization for each [supported language](#supported-languages).

> > **Note:** If you change any email code using the [Admin console](/docs/guides/custom-email/main/#edit-a-default-email-template), your customizations override the Brands API settings. To get your Brands API settings back, reset the code editors in the Admin Console to the default settings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If you change any email code using the [Admin Console](/docs/guides/custom-email/main/#edit-a-default-email-template), your customizations override the Brands API settings. To get your Brands API settings back, reset the code editors in the Admin Console to the default settings.
```

### Supported languages

> Email customizations can be created for the following languages. Language values must be in [BCP 47 language tag](http://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry) format.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can create email customizations for the following languages. Language values must be in [BCP 47 language tag](http://www.iana.org/assignments/language-subtag-registry/language-subtag-registry) format.
```

| Hungarian              | `hu`                |
| Indonesian             | `id`                |
| Italian                | `it`                |
| Japanese               | `ja`                |
| Korean                 | `ko`                |
| Malaysian              | `ms`                |
| Norwegian              | `nb`                |
| Dutch                  | `nl-NL`             |
| Polish                 | `pl`                |
| Portuguese             | `pt-BR`             |
| Romanian               | `ro`                |
| Russian                | `ru`                |
| Swedish                | `sv`                |
| Thai                   | `th`                |
| Turkish                | `tr`                |
| Ukrainian              | `uk`                |
| Vietnamese             | `vi`                |
| Chinese (Simplified)   | `zh-CN`             |
| Chinese (Traditional)  | `zh-TW`             |

### Email template operations

#### List email templates

You can list all supported email templates (**List email templates** in Postman):

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email" />

> This operation returns a [paginated](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination) list of [email template resources](#/docs/reference/api/brands/#email-template).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This operation returns a [paginated](/docs/reference/core-okta-api/#pagination) list of [email template](#/docs/reference/api/brands/#email-template) resources.
```

#### Delete the customizations of an email template

You can delete all customizations made to a specific email template (**Delete all email customizations** in Postman).

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/customizations" />

On success, this operation returns a `204 No Content` message.

#### Get an email customization

You can fetch a specific email customization (**Get email customization** in Postman).

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/customizations/${customizationId}" />

This operation returns the requested [email customization](/docs/reference/api/brands/#email-customization) resource.

#### Update an email customization

You can update a specific email customization (**Update email customization** in Postman).

<ApiOperation method="put" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/customizations/${customizationId}" />

The request body needs an [email customization](#email-customization) resource. The operation returns the updated email customization.

> > **Note:** If `isDefault` is `true`, the previous default email customization will have its `isDefault` set to `false`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> **Note:** If `isDefault` is `true`, the previous default email customization has `isDefault` set to `false`.
```

#### Delete an email customization

You can delete a specific customization made to an email template (**Delete email customization** in Postman).

<ApiOperation method="delete" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/customizations/${customizationId}" />

On success, this operation returns a `204 No Content` message.

> If the email customization to be deleted is the default, this operation returns a `409 Conflict` message.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the email customization that you want to delete is the default, this operation returns a `409 Conflict` message.
```

#### Preview an email customization

You can fetch a preview of the customizations of an email template (**Preview email customization** in Postman).

<ApiOperation method="get" url="/api/v1/brands/${brandId}/templates/email/${templateName}/customizations/${customizationId}/preview" />

> This operation returns the [default content](/docs/reference/api/brands/#email-content) resource of the specified email template, with the variables populated with the current user's context.

Reviewer 3: Should we capitalize the names of the resources - e.g., `Default Content` resource, `Email Customization` resource?

Reviewer 2: that is currently not a part of our style guidelines. we only capitalize the names of objects. we try to avoid over capitalization, if possible.
